Add docs on ExtendedLayout (#51762)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/language-reference/attributes/general.md

- [`InlineArray`](#inlinearray-attribute): Specify that a `struct` type is an *inline array*.
- [`IUnknownConstant`](#iunknownconstant-and-idispatchconstant-attributes): Specifies how a missing argument should be supplied for a default parameter.
- [`IDispatchConstant`](#iunknownconstant-and-idispatchconstant-attributes): Specifies how a missing argument should be supplied for a default parameter.

> - [`ExtendedLayoutAttribute`](#extendedlayout-attribute): Specifies that the runtime provides additional layout options.

Author: ```suggestion
- [`ExtendedLayoutAttribute`](#extendedlayout-attribute): Instructs the compiler to set the `ExtendedLayout` flag in the type's metadata.
```
